Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I’m
going to explain an American science
fiction comedy film called “Meet Dave.”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
The movie begins with a small glowing object in
space heading towards earth. On its way to the
planet, it knocks into a satellite and enters
the atmosphere. In a New York City apartment,
a young boy named Josh Morrison stares through
his telescope at the object falling from the sky.
The golf-ball-sized metal ball flies through
Josh’s window and lands in his fishbowl. The
ball seemingly drains the water along with
the goldfish, as Josh watches in amazement.
The movie then fast forwards to three months
in the future. A massive fireball makes its
way towards the earth, and crashes next to
the Statue of Liberty on Liberty Island.
When the flames subside, the fireball is
revealed to be a man wearing a white suit.
He walks awkwardly and takes a ferry back to
the city. The man navigates through the city,
seemingly amused by humans. While crossing a road,
he gets knocked over by a car. The accident twists
his foot, but he quickly disappears before
the lady driver gets to call an ambulance.
In a secluded corner, the man’s right ear opens
like a gate, and out comes a tiny humanoid alien.
The tiny humanoid slides down a rope to the man’s
legs. He opens a tiny window in the man’s leg,
revealing a bundle of malfunctioning wires. The
tiny humanoid then begins to repair the leg.
Another tiny humanoid notes the status of
the leg and returns to the brain of the man.
It turns out the man is a spaceship
controlled by 100 tiny humanoid aliens.
Its Captain pilots the spaceship from the
command deck located in its head, and humanoids
controlling one body part each send a report back
to the captain. The report reveals that the ship’s
impact shields were not activated because of the
unpredicted nature of the collision, but the ship
has survived. However, it will only be able to
run at full capacity for the next 48 earth hours.
The ship’s tracking systems were also damaged.
The captain assembles the crew for a briefing. He
reveals that they came from a planet called Nil.
Their planet is on the verge of a catastrophic
energy crisis and the ball-like device called Orb,
which they sent to the earth three months earlier,
was lost. They are here to retrieve and deploy
it. Salt from earth could power planet Nil for
ages. The aliens plan to use the Orb to take
Earth's salt by draining Earth's oceans. The
captain has second-in-command named Number 2 and
researcher named Number 3 as advisers by his side.
The spaceship looks like a human, but the
aliens don't know how to make the "ship"
act like a normal human. They use
Google and Yahoo to learn about humans.
Meanwhile, the cops are alerted
about the mysterious fireball.
A superstitious officer named Dooley and his
partner begin investigating the matter. They
learn from the impression of the man's face in
the dirt on the crash site what he looks like
and orders his search throughout the city.
Elsewhere, Josh notices the human spaceship
from his window and alerts his mother Gina, who
is the same female driver that knocked it over.
Gina rushes downstairs and apologizes to the human
ship. The aliens slightly panic over their first
verbal encounter with a human. Captain attempts
to talk through the ship, but ends up speaking
in an extremely high frequency, breaking glasses
nearby. After adjusting the bass and frequency,
the captain manages to respond that he is
okay. Gina sends Josh to school and invites the
human spaceship to her home. Captain introduces
himself as Dave Ming Chang, based on a quick scan
of common Earth names. The crew notices their
missing ball in a photograph in Gina's home.
Gina reveals the image is from Josh’s school when
Josh took part in a Science fair. It turns out,
Josh presented the Orb as his science project. The
crew quickly locate Josh at 729 East 44th Street
and Dave excuses himself and proceeds to
leave. However, he mistakes the closet for
the door. He then awkwardly steps out of
the closet and leaves through the door.
As Dave walks his way through the city to Josh’s
school, Number 2 gets increasingly agitated by
humans' disregard for rule and order. Captain
asks an onboard doctor to keep an eye on Number 2
due to his increasing eccentricity. Dave
passes through a children's park and kids
mistake him for an ice-cream man so Dave changes
his clothes. To pay for the new clothes, he scans
money and literally prints it out from his arse.
Dave finally arrives at the school looking for
Josh’s class. The school principal mistakes him
for a substitute teacher and sends him to the
class. While teaching, Dave takes Josh outside
the classroom and talks to him about the Orb.
Josh tells him that the ball was
taken from him by his bully, Rich,
who will be at a street fair tomorrow. The Captain
decides to go to the fair with Josh the next day
and they then return to Josh's home.
As they spend more time with each other, Josh
grows to like Dave. He is amazed by Dave's video
game-playing abilities. When Gina arrives home,
she asks Dave if he would like to stay for supper.
Number 4 reminds the captain that the longer they
stay in their presence, the greater the danger
of exposure, but the captain decides to stay.
After the supper, Dave asks Gina about the
painting on the wall. She reveals she drew
the painting while she was in love and it depicts
passionate love . Dave is intrigued and confused.
He asks how do you know when you feel love. Gina
responds that when you feel love, you don’t need
to ask that question. Dave is still not sure
but excuses himself to leave for the night.
Dave decides to spend the night on a
homeless man’s spot. The homeless man
offers Dave his blanket to keep him warm. Dave is
pleasantly puzzled by the man’s act of kindness.
The aliens realize that humans are more advanced
than they originally thought. As the ship retires
for the night, the doctor reveals that an atypical
behavior is spreading throughout the ship.
The captain finds Number 3 working late into
the night. She reveals that she has discovered
an interesting file in the alien database that
every human is forced to watch once a year. The
file is an iconic American Christmas movie. In
the movie, the hero offers to lasso the moon
for his love interest. The captain and number 3
find themselves sobbing after watching the movie.
They feel drawn towards each other, but suppress
their urges and go to bed. The next day, with only
20% power left and police looking for him, Dave
goes to the fair with Josh to retrieve the Orb.
Dave participates in a hot dog eating
contest and wins it. He receives a
soft toy as a prize and gifts it to Gina.
Gina is elated to receive the soft toy.
Dave later finds Rich bullying Josh. He lifts the
bully upside down, as Josh is elated to see Rich
learn a lesson. After Dave retrieves the ball, he
offers to take Gina and Josh to a restaurant to
celebrate Gina's birthday. Number 2 protests
and suggests they start deploying the ball
instead. However, the captain argues that Gina
and Josh have helped them retrieve the ball,
so it's only fair that they return their favor.
Number 2 storms out of the control room in
protest as Dave takes Gina and Josh to a salsa
restaurant where they have an amazing time.
Meanwhile, the police have located Dave,
and are on their way to apprehend him.
After spending so much time on Earth, most
of the crew begin to exhibit new "feelings",
adopting Earth's culture, mannerisms,
and general laid-back attitude.
Number 3 learns that Number 4 has turned his whole
room into a dance club. Number 3 then also changes
into a salsa dress and goes to the control room to
ask the captain to dance with her, but Gina asks
him to dance before her. Number 3, hurt, leaves.
As they dance, the police arrive and apprehend
Dave for questioning. Josh and Gina are puzzled by
the arrest. As officer Dooley interrogates Dave,
Number 2 decides that the Captain and
the rest of the crew's changing behavior
is unacceptable and gathers an army of aliens for
a coup d'etat. Captain, enraged, orders the crew
to not comply with Number 2. However, realizing
they are short on time to rescue their planet Nil,
the crew, including number 3, oblige with
the new captain. The two cops overhear the
conversation inside Dave's control room because
of an open speaker. Officer Dooley's suspicion
of Dave being an alien solidifies and the
two cops leave the interrogation room.
Number 2 then announces that under his leadership,
a new era has begun and un-Nil-ian behavior will
be punished. Dave, the spaceship, then storms out
of the confinement, blasting through the wall.
Police officers spray Dave with bullets,
but it barely has any impact on him.
Seeing the number 2 get out of control, Number
17, a young, fun-loving drunk alien, jumps out
of the "ship" to save himself from his fury. On
Dave's way out, number 2 notices Josh and Gina.
He berates them for wasting his time with
their emotional pathetic distractions.
Finally, he tells Gina that her artwork
is pretentious before leaving. Number 2's
craziness worries number 3 and she sneaks back
into the alien quarters and frees the captain.
However, number 2 soon catches up to them
and sneezes them out of the Spaceship.
As the tiny aliens attempt to avoid being trampled
on by humans and peed on by dogs, Number 3 lets
the captain know her displeasure over him choosing
to dance with Gina over her. The two then use a
plastic bag as a hot air balloon to fly towards
the spaceship. However, the plastic bag gets stuck
in a bus's windscreen wiper. They then use the
wiper as a launcher to propel themselves on the
spaceship and land on Dave's shoe. The captain
then apologizes to Number 3, telling her that
he chose her to accompany him on this mission,
because of her giant heart and kindness. Without
her, he would be nothing. She then asks him
why he never spoke to her like this and the
captain responds that he was too Nil-ian to ever
express it. He expresses regret that he should
have "lassoed the moon" for her a long time ago.
The duo then makes their way back into the ship.
Meanwhile, Dave takes a cab to save his energy
to Liberty Island. Josh refuses to believe that
it is Dave who is doing these evil things, and
convinces his mom to follow Dave and help him.
Back at the police station, Dooley discovers
Number 17 in his coffee and interrogates
him to find out where Dave is going.
At the Liberty Island harbor, as number 2
proceeds to throw the orb into the water to
drain the earth of all its water and salt,
Captain overrides his command and stops him.
Number 2 is enraged and orders the crew to
apprehend the captain along with the number 3.
However, the captain tells the rest of the crew
that the real Captain is in charge again. Wary
of Number 2's unpredictable and eccentric nature,
the crew accept the captain as their leader.
Reinstated, he orders Number 2 to be stuck in
the ship's "butt" forever. The metal orb meanwhile
slips out of Dave's hand and rolls into the ocean.
The siphoning process starts and the orb begins to
drain the ocean. The Captain attempts to retrieve
the orb but is told that they only have enough
power left to either retrieve the ball or return
home. The captain makes a decision to save
the earth and asks the crew's permission.
They all agree and Dave reroutes all its energy
to stop the siphoning process. After retrieving
the ball, Dave powers down while Dooley and his
partner catch up and point their guns at him.
Josh grabs Dooley's taser which he uses on Dave,
recharging him. After David gets fully recharged,
The Captain and Number 3 reveal themselves to the
police officers who stand down. The Captain says
goodbye to Josh and Gina saying he now understands
love. The captain resolves to find other sources
of energy on other planets instead of destroying
the earth. Number 17 is then returned to Dave
by Dooley. As Dave proceeds to fly back to his
planet, the FBI arrives and traps Dave in a net.
While the FBI agents wrestle the body down,
"Dave's" crew evacuates to one of the ship's
"lifeboat" shoes, activates the engines, detaches
the shoe, and heads home to Nil, leaving behind
both the ship and Number 2. While in the lifeboat,
the Captain asks for Number 3's hand in marriage.
The movie ends as she accepts and they kiss.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out. Thank you for watching.